pretty much and just for the record we
don't hate you I don't you okay yes as
Jeff said analogous to the questions
that are present play so far this or
well that's a wish microphone I do have
other paper you do have other people and
your ratings aren't as good as some of
the other people that are weighted okay
go ahead job if I may ask sir you said
earlier that that WikiLeaks was
revealing information about the Hillary
Clinton campaign during the election
cycle welcome back everyone I was okay
with another campaign press conference
you called on the Russians to find the
missing 30,000 emails I'm wondering sir
if you know she was actually missing 33
and then that got extended with the
whole pie laughter no no but I did say
30 but it was actually higher if I may
ask you sir it sounds as though you do
not have much credibility here when it
comes to leaking if that is something
that you encourage the campus care
question ready if I may ask you that
know nobody let me do one of the finance
you might yes sir
all right so in one case you're talking
about highly classified information in
the other case you're talking about John
Podesta saying bad things about the boss
I will say this if John Podesta said
that about me and he was working for me
I would have fired him so fast your head
would have spun he said terrible things
about her but it wasn't classified
information but in one case you're
talking about classified regardless if
you look at the RNC we had a very strong
at my suggestion and I give Reince great
credit for this at my suggestion because
I know something about this world I said
I want a very strong defensive mechanism
I don't want to be hacked and we did
that and you have seen that they tried
to hack us and they failed the DNC did
not do that and if they did it they
could not have been hacked but they were
hacked and terrible things came in and
you know the only thing that I do think
is unfair is some of the things were so
they were when I heard some of those
things I picked up the papers the next
morning I said oh there's going to be
front page wasn't even in the papers
again if I had that happen to me
it would be the biggest story in the
history of publishing or the head of
newspapers I would have been the
headline in every newspaper
I mean think of it they gave her the
questions who would debate and she and
she should have reported herself
why didn't Hillary Clinton announce that
I'm sorry but I have been given the
questions to a debate or a town hall and
I feel that it's inappropriate and I
want to turn in CNN for not doing a good
job just something that Jonathan Karl
was asking you about you said that the
leaks are real but the news is fake I
guess I don't understand it seems that
there's a disconnect there if the
information coming from those leaks is
real then how can the stories be ok
reporting is fake I just want to know
what it is it isn't that the public
isn't you know they read newspapers they
see television they watch they don't
know if it's true or false
because they're not involved I'm
involved I've been involved with the
stuff all my life but I'm involved so I
know when you're telling the truth or
when you're not I just see many many
untruthful things and I'll tell you what
else I see I see tone you know the word
tone the tone is such hatred I'm really
not a bad person by the way no but the
tone is such I do get good ratings you
have to admit that the tone is such
hatred I watched this morning
a couple of the network and I have to
say Fox and Friends in the morning
they're very honorable people
they're very not because they're good
because they hit me also when I do
something wrong but they have the most
honest morning show that's all I can say
it's the most honest but the tone Jim if
you look the hatred the I mean sometimes
sometimes somebody gets well you look at
your show that goes on at ten o'clock in
the evening you just take a look at that
show that is a constant hit the panel is
almost always exclusive anti-trump
the good news is he doesn't have good
ratings but the panel is almost
exclusive anti-trump and the hatred and
venom coming
his mouth the hatred coming from other
people on your network now I will say
this I watch it I see it
I'm amazed by it and I just think you'd
be a lot better if I honestly do the
public gets it you know look when I go
to rallies they turn around they start
screaming at CNN they want to throw
their placards at CNN you know I I think
you would do much better by being
different but you just take a look take
a look at some of your shows in the
morning in the evening if a guest comes
out and says something positive about me
it's it's brutal now they'll take this
news conference I'm actually having a
very good time okay but they'll take
this news confidant forget that's the
way I want remember I used to give you a
news conference every time I made a
speech which was like every day okay
know as that's how I won I won with news
conference and probably speeches I
certainly didn't win by people listening
to you people that's for sure but I'm
having a good time tomorrow they will
say Donald Trump rants and raves at the
press I'm not ranting and raving I'm
just telling you you know you dishonest
people but but I'm not ranting and
raving I love this I'm having a good
time doing it but tomorrow the headlines
are going to be Donald Trump rants in it
I'm not reading it go ahead just one one
more fuck I let him have a little bit
more what do you think speedos of this
Peter should I have let him have a sit
down sit down because of the okay just
because the attack of fake news and
attacking our network I just want to ask
you sir I'm changing it from fake news
though doesn't that under very faked it
you know but aren't you going ah real
news mr. president real news and you're
not related to our new I am not related
sir now I do like the sound of second
Acosta I'm up you know I looked at that
name I said wait a minute is there any
relation there Alex I'm sure you check
that out so now I checked it I said they
said no sir I said do me a favor go back
and check the family tree but I aren't
you aren't you concerned sir that you
are undermining the people's faith and
the First Amendment freedom of the press
the press in this country when you call
stories you don't like fake news why not
just say it's a story I don't like I do
the Hall effect
I do the remaining confidence and I do
is the thing okay important I understand
what you and you're right about that
except this see I know what I should get
good and what I should get bad and
sometimes I'll say wow that's going to
be a great story and I'll get killed I
know what's good and bad I'd be a pretty
good reporter not as good as you but I
know what's good I know what's bad and
when they change it and make it really
bad something that should be positive
sometimes something that should be very
positive they'll make okay they'll even
make it negative so I understand it so
because I'm there I know what was said I
know who's saying it I'm there so it's
very important to me look I want to see
an honest press when I started off today
by saying that it's so important to the
public to get an honest press the press
the public doesn't believe you people
anymore now maybe I had something to do
with that I don't know but they don't
believe you if you were straight and and
really told it like it is as Howard
Cosell used to say right of course he
had some questions also but if you were
straight I would be your biggest booster
I would be your biggest fan in the world
including bad stories about me but if
you go as an example your CNN I mean its
story after story after story is bad I
won I won and the other thing chaos this
zero chaos we are running this is a
fine-tuned machine and Reince happens to
be doing a good job but half of his job
is putting out lies by the press you
know I said to him yesterday they you
know this whole Russia scam that you
guys are building so that you don't talk
about the real subject which is illegal
leaks but I watched him yesterday
working so hard to try and get that
story proper and I'm saying here's my
chief of staff a really good guy did a
phenomenal job at our and 71 the
election Wright won the presidency we
got some senators we got some all over
the country you take a look he's done a
great job and I said to myself you know
and I said to somebody those in there I
said you take a look at rights he's
working so hard just putting out fires
that are fake fires I mean they're fake
they're not true
and isn't that a shame because he'd
rather be working on healthcare he'd
rather be working on tax reform Jim I
mean that I would be your biggest fan in
the world if you treated me right now I
sort of understand there's a certain
bias maybe by Jeff or somebody you know
whatever it you know whatever reason but
and I understand that but you've got to
be at least a little bit fair and that's
why the public sees it they see it they
see it's not fair you take a look at
some of you shows and you see the bias
and the hatred and the public is smart
they understand it